Update links and documentation on local testing of Admin UI SDK (#220)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/admin-ui-sdk/configuration.md

## Test with a sample app

### Prerequisites

> * Adobe Commerce instance installed on local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An Adobe Commerce instance installed on the local machine.
```

### Configuration

> You can download a sample app from the [Adobe Commerce Samples repository](https://github.com/adobe/adobe-commerce-samples/tree/main/admin-ui-sdk/menu/custom-menu) to gain insight on how the Admin SDK injects menus and pages into the Admin.

Reviewer 2: The link returns `404 - page not found`

Author: Yes, this is expected as I want to merge both PRs (https://github.com/adobe/adobe-commerce-samples/pull/9) at the same time to avoid broken links.

1. Change directories to the cloned repository's root directory.

> 1. Create a `server.js` file in the `<repoRootDir>/admin-ui-sdk` to define a local server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `server.js` file in `<repoRootDir>/admin-ui-sdk` to define a local server:
```

    }).listen(9090);
    ```

> 1. Generate the key.pem certificate in the same directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate the `key.pem` certificate in the same directory.
```

    ```bash
    openssl genpkey -algorithm RSA -out key.pem -pkeyopt rsa_keygen_bits:2048
    ```

> 1. Generate the cert.pem certificate in the same directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate the `cert.pem` certificate in the same directory.
```

    }).listen(9090);
    ```

> 1. Generate the key.pem and cert.pem certificates in the same directory. You can use `openssl` command.

Reviewer 2: It would be good to add ready-to-use example of how to generate keys with openssl command.

    ]
   ```

### Custom menu example

1. Change directories to `<repoRootDir>/admin-ui-sdk/menu/custom-menu`.

1. Run your custom menu extension locally.

   ```bash
   aio app run
   ```

> 1. Check that the **Apps** section has been added to the main menu and **First App on App Builder** option has been added to the **Apps** menu in the Admin and that selecting the option takes you to the **Fetched orders from Adobe Commerce** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Confirm that the **Apps** section appears on the main menu and the **First App on App Builder** option appears in the **Apps** menu in the Admin. Click **First App on App Builder** and confirm that the **Fetched orders from Adobe Commerce** page opens.
```
